. Recently I and my mother had visited Delhi, we had reserved a room at "OYO". We arrived there, and the room was poorly lit and the location of the place was really pathetic. We could see the other room through our window!! The facilities except for the wifi were either really bad or not there at all. The most horrendous thing was that at around 11 in the night a guy knocks at the door and when I opened the door he came in and took the AC's remote and said , he'll return it in sometime.Also the guy was stinking, I mean one could easily make out that he was totally drunk. People at OYO must atleast know how to behave before starting a "franchise" like this. To all those who even consider choosing OYO, think twice..... The rooms are clean. I think it is appropriately charged. I do not expect too much in a Rs.1500/- room. The staff was welcoming. They helped us with luggage and served dinner in the room. A/c malfunctioned for 10 minutes and hence they changed the room immediately. Location is a little congested.. I stayed with my family and it was the worst experience everI had confirmed my booking however when i reached there i was told that the rooms are occupied. i was made to go from one hotel to another with my family and luggageThe staff was very casual and irresponsibleWhen we finally got the room the bathroom light was not working and the bedsheets were dirtyThe lift stopped working and my aged parents had to walk up and down the stairs from 4th floorOverall a terrible experience.would never recommend it to anyonestay at your own riskGodwin. Its a a nice hotel with lo budget. u can book this hotel with some website and can apply coupon too. good connectivity. well behaved staff. The challenge is only no much option in complimentary breaffast. The hotel is situated in small lane in Mahipalpur. Once you reach there you would probably realize that this is not a three star hotel. The hotel staff will not be decent or educated and they will not shy away from using crude Hindi swear words in front of the guest. The rooms will be terrible. I checked out after exactly 1 hour of checking in. Can say it was the worst experience of my life in a hotel.Plus I must mention that all the pictures they have put on cleartrip are totally fake! BOOK THIS HOTEL AT YOUR OWN RISK!. Located in the heart of South Delhi in GK1, this is a good place to stay if you are looking to stay somewhere close to South or Central Delhi... The room was ok.. the bathroom not so okay.. I guess they need to renovate their rooms a bit though and improve the lighting a bit... Oyo Rooms was great value for money & was excellent with its proximity as well. Easy to locate & can so affordable, with good services. The staff was very helpful & courteous. Cleanliness is something that I really appreciate. Everything was spik n span.. Nice hotel to stay but staff was lazy had a problem with check-in. Close to airport. Its real name was Castle blue hotel. Breakfast was nice and tasty and guy at the reception was helpful but room service was bad....................... Excellent stay for night near airport. Only 15 minutes away from airport. Room were clean and value for money. Overall very cheap and affordable hotel at nice location. I recommend this hotel to traveler.. OYO room provided us with a good room having clean washrooms. The walls of the rooms were not very pleasing. The complimentary breakfast provided was extraordinary. The room was very near to the IGI airport, new delhi. Recommended for those having a connecting flight.. Don't get OYO branding of standardization fool you. I usually stay in chain hotels, even though they may be bit expensive, to ensure that at least basics are in place. I read about OYO online, and wanted to try one in my next trip to Delhi. It was terrible. This hotel was nothing but International Inn, Delhi Airport (http://goo.gl/8r4F1s), and they just a small put OYO rooms board outside of it. I thought OYO manages its own properties, but it just sells rooms of such low-standard hotel, and does nothing else!I made reservation on OYO website, but at the time of check-in the guys didn't have any record of that whatsoever. Register based check-in is like 20 years old process, but they do it there! Moreover the person at reception was making a mockery of few Asian guest by uttering abusive words in Hindi as he could fleece them by charging high on taxi booking. I was not expecting at least basics i.e. clean toilets and bed-sheets, working AC and TV. but none of that was true. Rooms were cramped! I just couldn't sleep and requested for a room change. In the new room, geyser in the bathroom was not working. Complimentary breakfast is best avoided, very unhygienic. Free Wi-fi in the rooms doesn't work. I was happy to check-out.Worst part is when I provided this feedback to OYO in the survey that they send, nobody bothered to follow-up. No to OYO forever. It took almost half an hour for me to find this hotel as it is in the interior corner of a lane. As i was on a business trip i just stayed only one night..Morning breakfast was good but the people down there dont speak good.Also it is bad that the check in time is 12 and the check out time is 11 the next day...its really ridiculous that we are not even allowed for the stay of 24 hours and the timings are not at all flexible...that is the bad part.. I had found about Oyo rooms thorugh a travel website and read a few reviews abt it before booking the hotel. I have planned to check into the hotel at 6.00am in the morning and check out at 10.00pm in the evening. The normal check out time is at 12.00 noon. Due to my extended checkout period the Oyo team agreed that i can pay the price for 1.5 nights and check out at 10.00pm. I was happy with this deal and agreed to proceed with the booking, I was travelling with a 2 year old so I thought to reconfirm my booking a day before my check in date. To my surprise I was told that I need to check out by 6.00pm and pay the price for 1.5 nights. A few minutes later another caller called and said that I need to check out by 5.00pm. This really annoyed me as OYO didn't have standard procedures and each excecutive spoke his own terns. I now decided to cancel the booking and informed them of the same. In a few minutes a person from the Sales team nameed Vished Bhardwaj called me and appologised for the issues and promised me that I can pay for one night and check out at my convenience. Which meant I get a free night at the hotel. I was very happy with this and appreciated the effort by the OYO sales team and Vished. At my arrival at the hotel the check-in was good and the rooms were good for the price. But just before the check out the water dried up in the taps and I was told that that there was some issued with the plumbing in the hotel. I had to call the reception 8 times times before they could bring me a bucket of water so that I can have quick shower and catch my next flight.. East to book ready to stay, a quick action booking only lagging with one thing as during booking property name they don't mention, like in aerocity I think they have 3 properties. I stayed in all 3 of that but now again during a book its not clear that which property I will get during booking. It get confirmed by their selves when they arrange a call with the manager. So web page must contain that info. Service is good as per the rates.. Housekeeping was pathetic!Shower Not Working, was fully choked & out of order!Horrible Breakfast! It was as good as not offering any breakfast!Inspite of the complain made to the Reception staff, there was no reaction!!. Our Delhi stay at OYO has been wonderful and pleasant.The accommodation was clean and well dressed.The staff has been very polite and helpful.Looking forward to the next stay soon.Will recommend the place for an exquisite stay :). Small rooms, modern bed and comfortable with AC & Clean toilet.2 kms from airport... Around 100-120 if take taxi.breakfast with 2-3 items.Good service by staff & oyo team.Had some communication issues but resolved so no complaints...Overall value for money.... I had booked the room by Group on coupon for the hotel who did not specified the booking details to oyo.Due to which i got very much tired,searching many hotels in mahipalpura area.On calling OYO numbers they were telling no booking has been made to us by groupon.After searching for 2 hours,i decided to go my relatives house,but then a call came from OYO for hotel confirmation.ON going to hotel issue arrived for extra bed ,for which group on has mentioned rs100 extra while the hotel manager(HOTEL TRANSIT) argued for Rs 500.But OYO representative PRITAM was very helpful and took us ,as if we are his family members.he arranged everything for us,due to which every issue was resolved.He is a superb manager.. Stayed in this hotel in Mahipalpur via OYO rooms on way to Bagdogra. This hotel's actual name was "Hotel The Class" which have the OYO rooms and was situated in a place full of budget hotels nearby. Rooms were good sized & decorated well and the AC was very effective. The rooms & bathrooms also were very clean. I have no complaints about the Rooms & bathroom in this hotel.The best part of this hotel was free Wi-fi & free breakfast (though the breakfast was to be taken in a different hotel nearby). But there is nothing "class" about this hotel. The manager & staff appeared to be not very friendly & not very helpful ( Which gives away all the good points about the hotels). The food also was not very tasty. But it was OK as a hotel in Transit for one night only as it was very near to the IGI airport.. It is the most deceptive company you could go to looking for a stay. You do not get anything they promise on their emails and website. Here's my experience:I didnt get the room that I booked. Also, they have the worst customer service that I have ever received! First the customer service gave me a tough time even locating the hotel that I booked. Second, the hotel that I booked was sub par and shady with EXTREMELY dirty atmosphere in the room. Walls all damp and peeling off, AC not working, bed sheets with stains of blood and what not. Very very dirty towels, bathroom and an extremely RUDE hotel staff. I had to leave the hotel 1AM (within half an hour of checking in) at night in Mahipalpur! (which is a shady area and totally unsafe for anyone!) because the room was not livable.I booked another descent B&B so late at night and was harassed to the core as I only went to sleep after 3 in the morning!. The OYO rooms promised me to give a complimentary drop to airport instead of pick up at the time of hotel booking. They booked Hotel international Inn for me with booking ID ZKPI0435. The hotel gate keeper behaved bad . I requested at the reception to wake me up at 4 am and arrange a drop to domestic airport. They assured me. That night itself I made the whole payment even a dropping charge(Rs 300/-) although I was told initially to be provided with a complimentary drop at Airport. They assured me again at the time of receiving the total amount that they will wake me up at 4 AM and dropping will be at 4.30 am. At 1.50 am I got a call even from OYO rooms confirming my dropping arrangement.But none of them did arrange any vehicle and got up at 6 AM and I finally missed the flight to chennai which caused me Rs 11000 loss. I was really made a stupid to book such hotel through OYO rooms. I have not yet received the payment bill(for food etc) from hotel.. Not so pleased with Oyo rooms service. We were misled by giving wrong property name, causing us difficulty. The room was lousy with shabby bed spreads and bath towels. Toilet flush was malfunctioning. Lighting in the bathroom was insufficient. Basic toiletteries viz. bath soaps were not provided. We had to call the reception several times to get things done.. I had a booking at oyo rooms aerocity which i later found it was another hotel called international inn. Although the hotel looked upscale, the rooms were very small. But your concerned employee jonak bhattacharyya managed to find me a good room. Will come again for another trip.. I was booked at hotel international inn through oyo rooms. The hotel was fine as per my budget but the rooms lacked spaciousness. But Mr. Jonak from Oyo rooms helped me finding with a decent rooms. Oyo rocks. I stayed at oyo rooms aerocity. As per the budget, the rooms looked decent but seemed claustrophobic due to the size. I was overwhelmed by the tariff pro vided by oyo as the hotel had a different one. Might come back to oyo yet again.. Stayed here , roo was decent though small and without cupboard, after unpacking thought of a cup of tea, picked up phone but it was dead, went down complained, a guy came said after doing something with phone for 15 mts that fault is outside he'll correct it but it was not and had to repack shift to another room, after that it was ok. From the start till end OYO is phenomenal .They acknowledge customers.V hygienic hotel..Overall Excellent Customer Service.For those planning for a trip should always try OYO..I mean OYO is offering such mind blowing deals which we always look for.I trully had a great experince.Thanks OYO.. :). Stayed here in August with family. The rooms were good, not very impressive though. The breakfast was complimentary. Wifi was very slow so had to use my dongle. Staff was attentive. Good for short stay. I am going to describe the most horrible experience of mine. This was my first and last booking made through OYO rooms. They have chosen such cheap hotels that don't care about your booking. I booked this property through OYO rooms and when i checked-in they said we are sold out and made us to stand for 30 mins to check availability with other cheap hotels like theirs. They made us to walk through other hotels and check if room suits us. I booked a premium category rooms but they were giving me base class rooms in other hotels. And woow the people of the hotel, they were so so rude, arrogant, filthy and what not. They were behaving as if they are doing a favor to me. The rooms were smelling with awful bathrooms, awful towels and zero ventilation.DO NOT, i say DO NO even think of booking here. DO NOT go for OYO rooms, the prices and hotels will be CHEAP.. The rooms were smelling with awful bathrooms, dirty towels. Their service was also poor, never stay again in oyo rooms. They choose very cheap hotels. Breakfast was the only thing which was good.......;.. It was a decent hotel for a any trip. Liked the room & breakfast which was a buffet complimentary. I was asked to pay during check-in time, different from most hotels where payment is generally done during check-out. There was no mats in the way to washroom & hence water happened to flow in the room. Hotel needs to take care of it. Everything was pathetic. Looking for a budget hotel does not by any standard means that I would look for a hotel which has bad facilities, stains on the bedsheet, no towels, no water for drinking, noisy rooms.. Extremely pathetic. the staff was very polite however what i did not understand is my check in time was 12 noon on 11th Dec and I reached the hotel at 5am on 12th Dec and my room was not ready. Why should I have to wait when I have already paid for the whole day and reaching after 17hr. The wi-fi never worked.. Recently was at hotel international inn by oyo rooms at mahipalpur, new delhi. Firstly wasn't convinced but later was given a good room by oyo manager at help. free breakfast and wifi were delivered at a mere price of 1299. This was horrible experience I have ever had with the hotel in my entire life. I had booked OYO rooms trough booking.com as I need I few hours of sleeping before my transit to other city. In my booking confirmation said "OYO Hotel IGI Airport" and it's located near the airport but address they given in the voucher is not correct, even taxi cannot find this hotel, the pinned address in Google map is also fake address. I call the property and they said my booking is Hotel Venus not OYO rooms IGI Airport and it's located 4 blocks away from where I was. As soon as I arrived the creepy lobby, there was 5 men staffs sitting here and there, when I asked the guy at the reception for checking in, he glanced at his laptop and said "Your booking is not confirmed and you have to pay double if I want to stay here" and there was another young man said "you have to book the room directly with us here at the lobby", I then realized that they are scammers and using online travel agent like booking.com or expedia as the source of victims, I did not stay there as I didn't feel safe, I would not recommend anyone to stay in this area (there were hundred of hotels and they're all scammers), book ibis Aerocity or Holiday Inn in the other side of the road for your money and safety.. Never trust oyo customer care. they will assure you that they will solve the matter but they will never revert.never pay amount in advance, first see the property, then if satisfied only then pay. lot of false promises from oyo. basis requirements like wifi are not provided but they are promised at the time of booking. always carry clean water, soap, shampoo, toiletries with you. dont go by the promises made by oyo online. be alert.you can reach me gsarveswar@gmail.com